Pipeline template: New pre-commit hooks (large files, merge conflicts) (#3935)
nf-core/tools: CHANGELOG.md

### Template

> - New pre-commit hooks (large files, merge conflicts) in pipeline template ([#3935](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/3935))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New pre-commit hooks blocking large files and merge markers in pipeline template ([#3935](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/3935))
```
